QUESTION NO: 1
Which two statements are true regarding SQL*Plus?
A. It has commands for performing database administration operations.
B. It can be used in interactive but not batch mode for SQL commands.
C. It has to be installed separately after the Oracle Database 11g installation.
D. Operating system commands can be executed from the SQL*Plus command prompt.
Answer: AD

QUESTION NO: 2
Which two statements about the Process Monitor (PMON) process are true?
A. PMON performs process recovery when a client process fails.
B. During instance startup, PMON takes care of instance recovery.
C. PMON performs listener registration.
D. PMON restarts background and dispatcher processes when they fail.
E. PMON resolves failures of distributed transactions.
Answer: A, D

QUESTION NO: 3
Which logical storage relationship is correct?
A. Tablespace< Segment < Extent < Oracle Datablock
B. Segment < Extent < Oracle Datablock<Tablespace
C. Tablespace< Extent < Segment < Oracle Datablock
D. Data File <Tablespace< Segment < Extent < Oracle Datablock
Answer: A

QUESTION NO: 4
Your database instance is down because there was a user-initiated shutdown. Which option represents the
actions performed, in the correct order, if you start up the instance?
a - The control file is read.
b - Memory is allocated.
c - Background processes pre started.
d -The initialization parameter file is read,
e- Redo log files and data files are opened.
A. b, c, a
B. d, a, e
C. a, e, d, b
D. d, b, c, a, e
E. c, b, d, a, e

QUESTION NO: 5
Which three components are always part of System Global Area?
A. Database Buffer Cache
B. Undo Log Buffer
C. Shared Pool
D. Small Pool
E. Java Pool
F. Private SQL Area
Answer: A, C, E


QUESTION NO: 6
Your database is down. You log in as the SYS user and issue this command:
SQL> STARTUP
What happens after the instance is started?
A. Nothing else happens.
B. The database is mounted but not opened.
C. The database is mounted and finally opened.
D. The database is opened and finally mounted.
Answer: C

QUESTION NO: 7
Your database is open and the listener is running. The DBA stops the listener by using the command:
LSNRCTL> STOP
What happens to the sessions that are currently connected to the database instance?
A. They can perform only queries.
B. They are not affected and continue to function normally.
C. They are terminated and the active transactions are rolled back.
D. They are not allowed to perform any operations till the listener is started.
Answer: B

QUESTION NO: 8
Your database instance is running. db01 is a net service name. You issue a connection request by using the
command:
SQL> CONNECT scott/tiger@db01
Which component receives the request and establishes the appropriate connection?
A. listener
B. user process
C. service name
D. server process
Answer: A


